Oh no, the water cup spilled!  
Staring at the screen for too long while playing songs might strain your eyes.  
Eye exercises—starting now!  
Struggling with the chart? Take a break and splash some water on your face!  
Beware of cross-dimensional visual distractions from software notifications!  
Just put on your headphones.  
Playing more songs can help relieve low blood pressure.  
...Still not sleeping?  
Indecisive? Let the random song picker decide for you.  
FYI: The arrows in the chart editor can be dragged up and down (  
Bored? Well, stay bored then.  
You missed.  
Stop staring at me—watch the progress bar instead.  
How long have you been playing FNF?  
AUGHHHHHH.  
Remember the last time you played the original tracks?  
Seriously, what’s left to update at this point?  
Here’s a secret: "a secret."  
What else can I even tell you?  
Replay mode saves your epic moments.  
When’s the last time you used practice mode?  
*Beep!*  
You’re all doing great, even if you’re struggling.  
If arrows suddenly zoom in, don’t panic—just turn off preloading.  
I need a vacation, like, NOW.  
Check your battery level. Right. Now.  
debugPrint("NovaFlare Engine has crashed.")  
Think you know? Nah, you don’t.  
Go to the bathroom if you need to.  
Mobile players using two fingers: try four fingers instead.  
if 1 == 2 then  
Hey, did you finish your homework/work?  
Did you forget something? (doge)  
I love Haxe!  
I hate Haxe!  
Don’t blame me if it crashes.  
Why do some of your issues never happen to me?  
Check your error folder—it’s probably overflowing by now.  
Now that’s relatable.  
Now that’s *not* relatable.  
Error: I won’t tell you where you messed up.  
Oh no, that was close!  
My FPS is fluctuating like the stock market.  
Pro tip: You don’t need to max out the frame rate.  
The calm before the storm.  
Have you considered your screen/keyboard’s feelings?  
Ever daydream about playing charts without any devices?  
You’ve probably surpassed 90% of FNF players by now.  
BotPlay, activate!  
Reminder: NovaFlare Engine is based on PE0.7.3.  
Rumor: Tweak a setting to make it compatible with some 0.6.3 mods.  
The first option in settings is literally language selection—why do people still ask?  
Check NovaFlare’s GitHub Actions for update progress.  
Fun fact: What you “output” is related to what you “input” earlier. (Double entendre)  
Minor bugs must appear under parental supervision. (Error code: 0xDEADBEEF)  
Congrats! You’ve been congratulated.  
Thinking up these tags is giving me a headache.  
Let me see which tags you haven’t seen yet.  
Three… Two… One… Go!  
You better not have stuffed weird mods into the folder. O_o  
Rumor: A future NovaFlare version might ditch Haxe.  
ZA WARUDO! (Game paused.)  
Remember your first NovaFlare Engine version?  
You lose if you keep staring at me.  
FNF trains your brain to multitask.  
Fun. Exciting. Joyful. Thrilling.  
Do you listen to songs in Freeplay mode?  
Still a 4-key legend.  
Let me guess—you’ve played FNF before.  
Rock-paper-scissors? You go first.  
NovaFlare-Engine has a QQ group in China. Joined yet?  
If shaders lag your device, just turn them off.  
Do you know why NovaFlare-Engine was created?  
debugPrint("debugPrint("debugPrint("666")")")  
if true then  
GOGOGOGOGOGO  
You know what I’m about to say.  
Let me see which song you’re playing.  
setProperty('daysOff', 99999...)  
Boyfriend’s right—agree?  
Maybe try Phigros instead.  
If charts bore you, try coding.  
Haxe is legendary.  
Honestly, Lua can’t compete with Haxe.  
idk idk idk idk idk idk idk idk idk  
This bug is buggier than a bug.  
How’s life on Earth treating you?  
Friendly reminder: No reminder needed—your device is just slow.  
Wild programmer—free of charge!  
Coding is all about savoring error messages.  
Shh! Quiet! (Yells loudly)  
Bro’s asleep—keep it down!  
Doo-doo-da-doo-da-doo.  
OMG, I’m totally not surprised.  
I’ve got a bad feeling about this.  
Look! It’s the loading bar!  
We meet again... again. :)  
Crashes? Just part of the experience.  
Fun fact: *Dead Cells* was written in Haxe.  
Yeah, yeah, sure, uh-huh.